Chore: Prepare the Preptember 2024 (#38)
Virtual-Coffee/vc-preptember: CONTRIBUTING.md

We take our [Code of Conduct](https://virtualcoffee.io/code-of-conduct/) very seriously, and all contributors must abide by it. Let’s treat each other with respect, and remember, we are all people who care and are trying. If you believe someone has violated the Code of Conduct, please fill out our [CoC Violation Form](https://virtualcoffee.io/report-coc-violation/), which you can do anonymously.

## New Contributors

> If you're new to open source, check out the resources below to help you familiarize yourself with open source:

Author: As Git and GitHub are nouns, can we say like this?

```suggestion
If you're new to open source, check out the resources below to help you familiarize yourself with Git, GitHub, and the contributions flow:
```

> If you're new to open source, check out the resources below to help you familiarize yourself with open source:

Reviewer: @adiati98 I'd be happy with your update for line 15, but (minor grammar point) I think it should be "the contribution flow" without he plural.

- [Virtual Coffee's Guide to Open Source](https://virtualcoffee.io/resources/developer-resources/open-source)
- [Intro to Open Source with OpenSauced](https://opensauced.pizza/learn/intro-to-oss)
- [Git and GitHub learning resources](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/git-and-github-learning-resources)
- [Git Guides](https://github.com/git-guides)

## Contribution Type

There are two types of contributions to this repo:

1. 🌱 **Practicing Open Source** — Add your name, link to your GitHub profile, and your favorite cake or snack to the `preptember-participants.md` file.

> 2. 📃 **Repositories List** — Add the link to a repository(ies) you recommend for Hacktoberfest to the `repositories-list.md` file _only_ after the repository meets our requirements — check our [repository checklist](https://virtualcoffee.io/resources/developer-resources/open-source/maintainer-guide#repository-checklist). You can always return and add more repositories here.

Reviewer 2: **suggestion (wording, non-blocking):** Reword slightly for clarity

```suggestion
2. 📃 **Repositories List** — Add the name and link to a repository you recommend for Hacktoberfest to the `repositories-list.md` file. Do this **_only after_** the repository meets our requirements — see our [repository checklist](https://virtualcoffee.io/resources/developer-resources/open-source/maintainer-guide#repository-checklist). You can add multiple repositories here!
```

Author: I really like this!

However, I want to also mention that after their first PR, folks may come back and create another PRs when they find more repos along the way.

Any idea on how to reword that?

Reviewer: @adiati98 @meg-gutshall How about this for the last sentence:

> You can add multiple repositories here and you can always make another PR if you have more for us later in the month!

## Getting Started

We recommend you work on the changes in your local environment because most of the contribution process requires you to do so rather than directly on GitHub.

### 1. Create an issue

1. Click the `Issues` tab at the top.
2. Click the green `New issue` button.
3. Click the `Get started` button next to the `➕ Add participants` to add yourself as a Preptember participant or `📃 Add repositories` to add repositories to the list.
4. Edit the title and complete the issue form.
5. Click the green `Submit new issue` button at the bottom.

#### Additional Resources

- [Streamline Your Contributions: Mastering Issue Forms and PR Templates](https://dev.to/opensauced/streamline-your-contributions-mastering-issue-forms-and-pr-templates-36j5)

### 2. Fork this repository

Click the `fork` button at the top of the front page.

Forking is a process to create a copy of this repository in your GitHub account. You always want to remember to fork a repository before cloning it.

> ### 3. Clone the repository in your local machine

Reviewer 2: **suggestion (non-blocking):** Abbreviate the heading

```suggestion
### 3. Clone the repository
```

Remember that you always want to work on and push your changes into the forked repository, not the original one.

### 4. Create a branch

A branch is an isolated environment to work on and save your changes. Later on, you will push this branch to the remote repository after you finish working on your changes.

Run the following command to create a branch:

```bash

> git checkout -b BRANCH-NAME

Reviewer 2: **suggestion (non-blocking):** Make this match examples below

```suggestion
git checkout -b YOUR-BRANCH-NAME
```

- Virtual Coffee's Git & GitHub 101 guide to [resolving merge conflicts](https://virtualcoffee.io/resources/developer-resources/open-source/git-101#resolve-merge-conflicts).
- [Resolving a merge conflict on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/addressing-merge-conflicts/resolving-a-merge-conflict-on-github).
- [How to Keep Branches Up-to-Date and Resolve Merge Conflicts in GitHub and VS Code](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/keep-branches-up-to-date-resolve-merge-conflicts/)

### Walkthrough Video

https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/vc-preptember/assets/45172775/55a4e380-7b8b-4a36-a843-95237e66d4db

> [!TIP]

> > - You can always ask for help in the `#open-source` or `#help-and-pairing` channel in Slack. We're here to help you 💙!

Reviewer 2: **suggestion (non-blocking):**

```suggestion
> - You can always ask for help in the `#open-source` or `#help-and-pairing` channel in Slack. We're here to help you! 💙
```
